Improve metadata descriptions (#73)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/tutorials/excel-tutorial.md

---
title: 'Record, edit, and create Office Scripts in Excel on the web'

> description: 'A tutorial teaching the basics of writing and editing Office Scripts, including reading data from and and writing data to a workbook.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'A tutorial about the basics of Office Scripts, including reading data from and writing data to a workbook.'
```
